## Models

The models used in the server-side application are defined here.

I chose [Objection.js](https://github.com/Vincit/objection.js/) as ORM, which allows convenient mapping
of table fields to class fields, and object relations to 
related tables.

Many of the following models have timestamp fields that
gets filled automatically when inserting or updating the corresponding row.

#### [auth_token.js](auth_token.js)
Token used for authentication. A user can have multiple tokens
active at each times (e.g. one for each client). The token has an expiration datetime,
after which the token has to be refreshed with the provided refresh_token, or a new token must be requsted.

#### [friendship.js](friendship.js)
Each row represent an edge in the social network graph.
The information regarding which user requested or was requested the friendship is
made clear, also so that the network can be analyzed as a directed graph.
The "accepted_at" field determines both the whether the request was accepted and when it was accepted. 

#### [notification.js](notification.js)
Notification of friends activity. In this demo the only activity that triggers
notifications are posts, and they are created in tr_users_posts.

#### [post.js](post.js)
User activities on profile. Can be edited.

#### [reaction.js](reaction.js)
Reaction associated to a post. The possible types of reaction are defined
at the top.

#### [upload.js](upload.js)
Represents an uploaded file. In this demo the user never actually uploads
anything, but the model is ready to accomodate such feature.

#### [user.js](user.js)
Contains all information regarding users including name, surname, gender, username.
This table was generated by merging data from facebook100 network and IMDb movie actors database.
